#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= First Deliverable =


== Group 10 ==


=== Code Repository ===

Our team decided to use Google Code as out repository. All team members are familiar with Google systems, so Google Code seemed like a well suited repository for the group. As well, we were able to synchronize the file sharing system directly with the Eclipse Editor.

=== Document Formats and Locations ===

We will be using Facebook to create and edit all documentation. Despite having difficulties arranging for our team to meet up, we all have Facebook and check it frequently. This allows us to still communicate frequently as well as edit and share documentation easily. 
The Design Document itself will be located on the wiki tab of our repository. This will make it easy to locate along with the rest of our code.
We will upload the documents for each deliverable to blackboard as .txt documents.

=== Time and Format of Meetings ===

As the majority of the code will be written as a team, we will be actively trying to meet up outside of lecture, if we feel as though the team needs more time to complete each task. Things are subject to change, but as of right now, the best meeting times seem to be Tuesday afternoon and during the weekends.

=== Communication Methods ===

We have created a group on Facebook that allows us to communicate very efficiently as we all check Facebook on a regular basis. The group also has the ability to share and edit documents uploaded, to modify text documents if necessary.

=== Project Development Method ===

We will be developing the majority of the code as a group, to ensure each part of the code will function with one another. This will allow us all to use classroom meeting time effectively and ensure completion of each deliverable

=== Team Roles ===

 # Developer – Each team member will be responsible for developing their own section of the code

 # Architect – Each team member will be responsible for contributing to the architecture of the code being developed

 # Tester – Each team member will be responsible for testing their own code to ensure that it is working, as well as each other’s to ensure full functionality of all the code

 # Technical writer – Each team member will help to contribute to the completion of the technical documentation that goes along with the code being developed

 # Leader – Day-by-day, an individual from the group will take the role of leader. Some days people have an off day and the group will prosper much better if someone else was able to step up for the day.

=== Choice of Topic ===

As a group, we have decided to create a Battleship game. It was a natural choice since each member of the group enjoys games of some sort or another.